chore(doc): add weight description for Stage page (#882)
kubernetes-sigs/kwok: site/content/en/docs/user/stages-configuration.md

The `next` field allows users to define the new state of the resource using the `statusTemplate` field,
modify the `finalizers` of the resource, and even `delete` the resource.

It is worth noting that there is no dedicated field for arranging the execution order if multiple stages of a resource type are provided.

> The execution order of stages can be naturally controlled by utilizing `selector.matchExpressions` and `next` field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The execution order of stages can be controlled by utilizing `selector.matchExpressions` and `next` field.
```
`naturally` may cause an intention to ask what is natural. Could we remove it?

Author: "naturally" is not necessary here. Thanks for improving the writing!

> Specifically, users can chain the stages by making `selector.matchExpressions` of a stage match the status content specified in `next` field of the previous stage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifically, users can chain the stages by ensuring that `selector.matchExpressions` of a stage match the status content specified in the `next` field of the previous stage.
```
